a = """erina_stats.api.searchEndpointCall.blocking = True
erina_stats.db.erinaDatabaseLookups.blocking = True
erina_stats.db.manamiDBTitleVectorLookups.blocking = True
erina_stats.discord.descriptionHit.blocking = True
erina_stats.discord.imageSearchHit.blocking = True
erina_stats.discord.infoHit.blocking = True
erina_stats.erinahash.createdBase64String.blocking = True
erina_stats.erinahash.createdHashes.blocking = True
erina_stats.erina.cacheFilesCount.blocking = True
erina_stats.erina.erinaParsingCount.blocking = True
erina_stats.erina.errorsCount.blocking = True
erina_stats.erina.fileIOCounter.blocking = True
erina_stats.external.anilistAPICalls.blocking = True
erina_stats.external.iqdbCalls.blocking = True
erina_stats.external.saucenaoAPICalls.blocking = True
erina_stats.external.tracemoeAPICalls.blocking = True
erina_stats.line.descriptionHit.blocking = True
erina_stats.line.imageSearchHit.blocking = True
erina_stats.line.infoHit.blocking = True
erina_stats.line.storedImages.blocking = True
erina_stats.search.searchCount.blocking = True
erina_stats.twitter.askingHit.blocking = True
erina_stats.twitter.directMessagingHit.blocking = True
erina_stats.twitter.responsePolarity.blocking = True
erina_stats.twitter.responses.blocking = True
erina_stats.twitter.streamHit.blocking = True"""

lines = []

"""
for line in a.split("\n"):
    lines.append(line)
    currentVar = line[12:][:-16].replace(".", "_")
    currentFile = line[:-16]
    lines.append(currentVar + " = " + currentFile + ".readlines()")
    lines.append(currentFile + ".blocking = False")
"""

for line in a.split("\n"):
    currentVar = line[12:][:-16].replace(".", "_")
    category, subcategory = tuple(line[12:][:-16].split("."))
    lines.append(f"_retrieveStats('{category}', '{subcategory}', {currentVar})")
print("\n".join(lines))